but as they say g.o in the sleigh in the summer we decided
to buy a connected thought in summer
buy winter boots for your
baby young mother decided via the Internet
because it is cheap and good at
one of the sites found the shopping graph
robbed your favorite product
bore prepayment and began to wait even have
May's correspondence with him
and where not only does he write to us
I write qiwi wallet and what it is not
size on the market however if we are all
there is one problem
the term is out and since
long-awaited boots never
has come
network seller did not appear on
the contact did not leave
the girl went to the oncoming lane reviews and
I was stunned by hello fellow citizens
congratulations on vaccinations from the group
spleen conductor pore tracks and other
cheaper beautifully fanatskie
take the list of victims wrote
statement to the police
and this is not just not leaving it probably
the girl really wants a place distant
dig
the internet is teeming with the message of people
who exactly like the sashi translated
money to the seller
and remained with a nose of doubt remained
people fell for scammers
just such a shock was that
but not the first time but I order it
something on the internet that is, they are practically
Often constantly order from the Internet
no one's ever mounting me like this
I gave small amounts for the purchase
time the number affected
Internet fraudsters turned for
a hundred people began to unite and
take measures
here it is those who they became friends
by misfortune
about this stage yay those information that is
us Saracen about 75 people just
taking advantage of earning confidence
positive reviews
and taking advantage of our trust just
denied so much as our money especially
children are different
Natalia gave pass about a hundred
seventy thousand
but Victoria is more than two million if
count and transfer money
it turns out that the crook rose
worth about a hundred million
Belarusian rubles
with my strange doing this all
head of department principles
Alan but first of all with
to organize girls first thing
I turned iaaf my work idea
This kind of central area
and filed applications with collective lists
affected by which at that time
was 115 people
interest in the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Republic of Belarus
from there the statement was lowered into guvd
Minsk City Executive Committee
everything and somewhere from mid-August we
let's listen to what we have made her requests and
are waiting
and while the organ is everywhere the table for many
affected opinion began to take shape
that the scammers will remain
with impunity deceived buyers
began to make up her siren she
acted under the nickname of the place
It seemed to Mitspeziz Adamov
when went up the hill here this entire list
affected the act of being clarified earlier
registered on the site no points
as we understood it was
she then she was not so careful
was called
called surname name patronymic score
Svetlana Mikhailovna
lawyer on the one hand assure
the victim that tatyana swamp her
father
property acquisition
his acquisition of property rights by
cheating either by abuse
by trust
in the Republic of Belarus provided
criminal liability
besides there are internet scammers
can and how illegal conduct
economic activity
to charge
after all, as u sp, uranium is most certainly not
registered and our country for it
also criminal
a responsibility
many people timbalenda
tons maternity leave then with
little kid almost forgotten what
singer all the same as it responded
did not help but for now washington is free
no one is immune from what is right
now
she is not sitting at the computer and not
are engaged in extorting money from
gullible citizens beware
among them can be higher